<strong>Potential User Community</strong>

	This repository is meant to fill a niche gap in the book world and publishing industry and has four user groups that the repository creator envisions interacting with the repository both as contributors and as data users. These three groups are: 

Readers
Primarily romance readers.
Readers in the United States or interested in US genre fiction or any English language reader.
Publishers
Primarily publishers in the genre fiction and/or romance novel sub-industry.
i.e. Avon, Berkeley, Zebra
Researchers
Primarily researchers interested in diversity in literature and/or publishing, in genre fiction issues, in romance novel issues, or in DEI more broadly.
Librarians
Primarily public librarians, though school, private, and academic librarians are also considered potential users for this repository. 

User Stories 

	The segments of the user community all have different user stories that describe their need for the data in the repository, however they share one common story in why they contribute to the repository. 
	This contribution story is centered on accessibility. The user contributing to the collection has a desire to make the data on diverse romance novels more accessible to other, no matter their role in the user community. The repository has been built to close the accessibility (particularly the easy accessibility) of this type of data and those looking to contribute data to the collection are looking to provide greater accessibility to the user community for these diverse novels that is not being provided elsewhere. 
	The user stories for the segments of the user community looking to access and use the data in the repository are more disparate. These user stories are described below:



	Through these stories the importance of trope/theme/tag was brought to the forefront. For publishers, readers, and librarians, knowing not only if a title is diverse but also what the subgenre of that title is is very important. Given the discussions circulating in the romance reader spaces this is to be expected. Fortunately, the genre has a relatively standardized set of tropes/subgenres that can be used to complete metadata fields in this repository in order to meet this shared need.
